c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\EcommerceServiceLayer.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\EcommerceServiceLayer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\EcommerceServiceLayer.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\obj\Debug\EcommerceServiceLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\obj\Debug\EcommerceServiceLayer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\obj\Debug\EcommerceServiceLayer.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\DomainEntitites.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\EcommerceDAL.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\DomainEntitites.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\EcommerceDAL.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\CommonUtils.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\CommonUtils.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\EcommerceServiceLayer\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
