c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\ECommerceSite.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\ECommerceSite.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\ECommerceSite.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\obj\Debug\ECommerceSite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\obj\Debug\ECommerceSite.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\obj\Debug\ECommerceSite.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\CommonUtils.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\CommonUtils.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
