c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\ECommerceSite.Tests.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\ECommerceSite.Tests.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\ECommerceSite.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\ECommerceSite.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\obj\Debug\ECommerceSite.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\obj\Debug\ECommerceSite.Tests.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\obj\Debug\ECommerceSite.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\ECommerceSite.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\CommonUtils.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\CommonUtils.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ECommerceSite\ECommerceSite.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
